Hi,

Just wanted to document my progress with the chess project.

Chess and math have always been two of my hobbies that I spend the most time with, so I wanted to explore the intersection between the two subjects.
After watching a few videos on mathematical topics in chess, I found that a bunch of other mathematicians had similar interests. Gauss, Legendre, and even Euler — arguably
some of, if not the best mathematicians of all time — took deep interests in chess. Specifically, they mainly dealt with generalizing the number of possible positions given an
MxN board.

But one topic that they also took interest to was the solving of "mathematical chess puzzles," like the "Eight Queens" puzzles or the "Knight's Tour" problem. These puzzles
have deep connections to graph theory and combinatorics. Looking further into these puzzles, I found that these positions/problems compose an area of chess vaguely
encapsulated by the term: "chess variants."

Soon later, I discovered games like the "Queen's Quadrille," where the player has to guide a Queen along a particular path on a 4x4 chess board, filled with non-pawn random pieces.
Rules of the game will be discussed in a later blog post when I dedicate more time to this project. However, the main objective of this chess coding journey is to finalize my own
mathematical chess problem, which may be an adaptation of the Queen's Quadrille or similar game. I can't find much on these puzzles online, and they sound like a really interesting topic 
to me. I don't know my goal to a more specific description than this, and hope that I can gain some clarity the longer I spend coding.

In the meantime, I am following a tutorial on how to code chess in [Pygame](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tduJ8CMuAw4&list=PLBwF487qi8MGU81nDGaeNE1EnNEPYWKY_&index=6&ab_channel=EddieSharick).
Coding chess is actually more complicated than you'd think, think about generating all of the valid moves on a two-dimensional list/array (chess board), or invalidating a move
because it places the King in check, or a topic like castling or en passant. I hope that I can get a feel for navigating my way around chess following this tutorial, and hopefully
end up programming my own math chess puzzle.

